Support
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Center for Computational Research
High Performance Computing & High End Visualization
Who We Are
What We Do
User Support
Outreach
Supercomputing 2023
SEARCH
INFO FOR
CHREST
CHREST leverages UB's faculty and students in engineering, CS, and math, with industry & government partners, to better describe turbulent reacting flows.

1234
High Performance Computing
CCR remains a leader in university HPC
Supporting UB Researchers
Advancing our users' research & knowledge
Propelling Research
Cutting edge research done at CCR every day!
Engaging the Community
CCR's outreach extends to schools, businesses and the community
Get Started Today!
Take the next step by clicking on one of these icons to learn more about how CCR can help you
Researchers
Students
Business Partners

Research & Innovation
ACCESS Metrics
NSF ACCESS Metrics: ACCESS Monitoring and Measurement Service (MMS) is responsible for monitoring and measurement of the ACCESS Cyberinfrastructure (CI) facilities.

Tweets by UBCCR
Support
Welcome to CCR!  Our support staff is comprised of HPC specialists, computational scientists, system administrators, programmers, software developers, and database experts.  Staff are available to help users of all levels.  The CCR support pages offer a wide range of documentation, presentations, and examples to aid in the utilization of CCR resources to facilitate your research.  Our searchable knowledgebase provides users with answers to frequently asked questions, how-to articles on using the clusters & research cloud, and detailed step-by-step instructions for many of the tasks most users desire.  Contact us any time you need assistance!
Getting Started
Account Portals
Support Portal & Searchable Knowledgebase
Research Computing Infrastructure
Machine Status
Training Resources
User Notices:
Virtual Workshops - Learn more about CCR!
Globus endpoint now available
Easy Cluster Access w/OnDemand Portal!
CCR's On-Prem Research Cloud
Events & Other Announcements
News & Events:
3/13/23 2023 High School Workshop Announced
10/10/22 NSF ACCESS Metrics Funding Awarded
3/11/22 2022 High School Workshop Announced
2/11/22 CCR enables WNY business innovation with industry cluster
6/11/21 Modeling air flow for BPO musicians
NEXT
Center for Computational Research
NYS Center of Excellence in Bioinformatics & Life Sciences
701 Ellicott St
Buffalo, NY 14203

Support Portal & Searchable Knowledgebase
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
