School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering About Us Chair's Welcome
About Us
Chair's Welcome
Our Mission
Our Values
Why Choose CSE?
Faces & Voices
A History of our Department
Contact Us
Support CSE
Related Links
About the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
About the University
About Buffalo-Niagara
Chair's Welcome
David Doermann, SUNY Empire Innovation Professor and Interim Department Chair
It is my great pleasure to welcome you to the Department of Computer Science and Engineering (UBCSE) at the University at Buffalo, the State University of New York.
Over the last few decades, research and contributions in computer science and engineering have made an incredible impact on our daily lives and have driven the advancement of our society. Now is an exciting time to become a computer scientist or computer engineer, and I am thrilled to welcome you to your journey.
At UBCSE, you have an opportunity to learn from and work with over 60 world-class faculty members, including Fellows of professional societies such as ACM, IEEE, IAPR, NAI and AAAS, and recipients of numerous prestigious national and international awards. Our faculty conduct cutting-edge research in today’s most relevant topics, such as Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML), Cyber Security, Internet of Things (IoT), Mobile Systems, Robotics and Autonomous Vehicles, Multimedia Forensics, Big Data Analytics, Bioinformatics and Computer-Assisted Education.
We provide a friendly, inclusive and collaborative working environment for faculty, and embrace a tradition of academic excellence. Our department also benefits from a welcoming and supportive staff who help our faculty and students achieve success and add to our collaborative and friendly environment.
UBCSE offers comprehensive and flexible educational programs at both the undergraduate and graduate levels. Over 3,500 students customize courses to meet their interests and fully realize their potential. At the undergraduate level, we have three programs: the BA and BS degree programs in Computer Science and the BS in Computer Engineering. All three programs are aligned with the highest national standards for computing curricula set forth by the ACM, IEEE Computer Societies and the International Computer Engineering/Computer Science Education Accreditation board, ABET.
At the graduate level, we offer two highly ranked programs, the PhD and MS degrees in Computer Science and Engineering. CSRankings.org, a metrics-based ranking of top computer science institutions around the world ranked us 32 for the time period of 2020 – 2023.
Our UBCSE alums work for some of the world’s leading tech companies including Google, Apple, Amazon and Microsoft. Many of them hold academic positions at some renowned institutions, including Cornell University, the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Several of our alums are prize-winning researchers and CEOs of some of the fastest-growing information technology companies around the world.
With excellent alumni, faculty, staff and students and world-class research and education programs, UBCSE has something to offer to everyone, whether a student applicant, faculty candidate, potential employer, program manager or someone interested in learning more about computer science and engineering. I invite you to browse our website and learn more about our department.
Sincerely,
David Doermann, PhD
SUNY Empire Innovation Professor and CSE Interim Department Chair
 “Stronger CSE at UB, Better You and Me.”
"CSE Jingle" by Chunming Qiao and Preet Desai, performed by Preet Desai
play
stop
min volume
max volume
00:00
00:00
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
