School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Research Research Areas Interdisciplinary
Research
Research Areas
Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning and Data Mining
Computer Vision
Databases and Data Science
Information Integrity
Natural Language Processing
Systems
Computer Architecture and Hardware
Distributed Systems and Networks
Edge Computing and Embedded Systems and Robotics
High-Performance Computing
Mobile Computing
Operating Systems
Programming Languages and Software Engineering
Theory
Algorithms and Complexity
Computer Security and Cryptography
Interdisciplinary
Computational Biology and Bioinformatics
Computing Education
Human-Computer Interaction
Society and Computing
Research Centers, Institutes, Labs and Groups
Research Highlights
Research Policies
Research Tools
Technical Reports
Related Links
UB Research and Economic Development
SEAS Research & Faculty
Interdisciplinary
Related Links
#49. Interdisciplinary Areas program national ranking, 2019-2022. Source: csrankings.org
Interdisciplinary research category introduction and description.
Computational Biology and Bioinformatics
Focuses on developing highly efficient algorithms and techniques for a wide range of problems (such as automatic analysis of biomedical images, computer-assisted diagnosis, treatment planning, protein-protein interaction network analysis, protein structure prediction, computational analysis and interpretation of Genomes, evolutionary studies of Genomic ORFans, and spatial positioning patterns of the cell nucleus) arising in smart hospital, smart healthcare, precision medicine, genomics, proteomics, and microarray analysis.
Computing Education
Focuses on expanding approaches to teaching computing at all levels (K-12 and University) and the outreach to promote computing majors and careers.
Human-Computer Interaction
Human-computer interaction (HCI) is a multidisciplinary field of study focusing on the design of computer technology, in particular, the interaction between humans (the users) and computers. HCI researchers observe the ways humans interact with computers and design technologies that allow humans to interact with computers in novel ways.
Society and Computing
Computing is ubiquitous in society today. Computing touches all aspects of our lives and sometimes in ways that are not beneficial (even though the intent of the developer is not to cause harm). What has become clear is that we cannot develop systems for society without meaningful and deep collaborations with disciplines that have thought about society for much longer than computing. The challenge is to incorporate knowledge from humanistic studies from day one in the design of computing systems.
RESEARCH RANKING
Excelsior!
UB's institutional reputation in the field of computer science has improved dramatically over the last decade.  By the most valid measure, our national ranking has risen from 50th to 29th.
RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
This Necklace Hears What You Eat
Wenyao Xu created AutoDietary—software that tracks the unique sounds produced by food as people chew it.  AutoDietary, placed near the throat by a necklace delivery system developed at China's Northeastern University, helps users measure their caloric intake.




MORE RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
RECOGNITIONS
Xu, Moore receive SUNY Chancellor’s Awards
Awards acknowledge and provide system-wide recognition for consistently superior professional achievement and the ongoing pursuit of excellence.

MORE RECOGNITIONS
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
