University at Buffalo
The State University
of New York
School of Engineering and Applied Sciences





School of Engineering and Applied Sciences News & Events
News & Events
Latest News
Personal experiences catapult UB engineers to research fellowship10/17/23
Firsthand experience with overcrowded emergency room waiting areas and an opportunity to conduct research during their academic career helped these University at Buffalo engineers earn a National Science Foundation (NSF) Fellowship.
Agrusa makes historic $40 million gift to SEAS, largest in school history10/13/23
Longtime School of Engineering and Applied Sciences benefactor and alum, Russell L. Agrusa, has made a $40 million commitment to support engineering and computer science education and the construction of a new SEAS building that will serve as a hub for student learning and activity.
Researchers awarded NSF grant for Lahaina wildfire simulation10/10/23
Interdisciplinary team to combine AI, high-performance computing and modeling to better understand Lahaina fire; reduce likelihood of future disasters.
UB part of $2.3 million project to make solar energy production more resilient9/27/23
New technology could increase energy generation and drive down solar energy production costs. 
Separating molecules requires lots of energy. This heat-resistant membrane could change that9/26/23
The technology could lower costs for making pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals and other products.
Nine SEAS students named 2023-24 WNY Prosperity Fellows9/25/23
The award, supported by the Prentice Family Foundation, is given to undergraduate and graduate students with an entrepreneurial drive who want to make a difference in their communities.
UB welcomes 154 new faculty9/21/23
The group is believed to be the largest cohort of new faculty at UB since the university joined SUNY in the 1960s.
MORE NEWS
Upcoming Events
Oct
17
WiSE and Shine Breakfast Meetup with Linde
9:00 AM - 10:00 AM
Davis Hall – Salvador Lounge (2nd Floor)
Oct
17
CBE Seminar — Hybrid Thermal and Biochemical Processing of Polyethylene for Plastic Upcycling
11:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Furnas Hall - Room 206
ALL EVENTS AND SEMINARS
Featured Events
Welcome Weekend
In the Media
6/21/23 UB's Center for Industrial Effectiveness builds wind energy workforce
6/21/23 WNY veteran weighs in on submersible search near Titanic wreckage
6/15/23 'Wild West' of AI campaign warfare: DeSantis launches attack ad with fake Fauci image
MORE PRESS RELEASES
E-News
Sign up for our E-Newsletter
EXPLORE PAST ISSUES
Explore News by Topic
Alumni News
Diversity and Outreach News
Faculty News
Student News
Seen in SEAS
Galleries, videos and photographs capturing life in the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
Discover life in SEAS
131 employers registered to participate in the job and internship fair.
Share This
Full Screen
Previous1/5Next
STEAM Job + Internship Fair
On Oct. 3, the Career Design Center hosted the STEAM Job + Internship Fair, which connected employers with UB students interested in the Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Math (STEAM) fields. This was the first in-person event since 2019. It was also the largest turnout since at least 2013! Photos Meredith Forrest Kulwicki
Published October 11, 2023
Buffalo Engineer Magazine
Buffalo Engineer is published by the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences to showcase the excellence of our faculty, staff, alumni and students.
Read with Issuu
Download the PDF version
(9.9 MB)
Browse past issues
Share your thoughts
We'd love to hear what you think of Buffalo Engineer! Please take our short survey here.
Give to SEAS
Inside the Latest Issue
A win-win situation
Learn how Buffalo start-up company ACV’s investment in SEAS students is making a lasting impact.
Engineering a healthier future for dogs
Read how a biomedical engineering student’s love for animals inspired him to create a 3D prosthetic to replace a dog’s missing leg.
Tracking and monitoring space debris
New $5 million grant from the Space University Research Initiative program will improve the nation’s ability to track and monitor spacecraft and other objects such as space debris and meteoroids.
Drone testing facility opens
The Structure for Outdoor Autonomy Research (SOAR) is a 24,000 square foot netted outdoor testing facility for uncrewed aerial vehicles and is one of the largest in the country.
Remembering SUNY Distinguished Professor Sargar “Hari” Srihari
The UB community lost long-time faculty member and internationally renowned professor Hari Srihari, who died on March 8 at age 72.
Meet Annika Samuels, BS IE 2003, National Fuel Gas Co.
Industrial engineering alumna Annika Samuels, Director of Diversity and Inclusion at National Fuel Gas Co., shares her thoughts about her time at UB.
Student team earns bronze in Amazon competition
Computer science and linguistics students joined forces to create a socialbot that converses with users on a range of topics and earned a $50,000 prize in the Amazon Alexa Socialbot Competition.
Have you received an honor or award? Are you hosting an exciting SEAS event? Tell us about it!
Submit news
SEAS Portal Login
SEAS Intranet
Give
Contact Us
Academic Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Chemical and Biological Engineering
Civil, Structural and Environmental Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Engineering Education
Industrial and Systems Engineering
Materials Design and Innovation
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Sitemap
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
