School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering News & Events News UB, other colleges team with Mozilla to push ethics into computing curricula
News & Events
News
In the Media
Recognitions
Newsletters
Events
CSE Departmental Anniversaries
CSE Commencements
CSE Demo Days
CSE Distinguished Speaker Series
CSE Industrial Career Days
CSE Symposia
CSE Transitions
CSExplore
Russell L. Agrusa CSE Student Innovation Competition
UB Hacking
Employment Opportunities
Related Links
UB News
UB Events
SEAS News
UB teams with Mozilla to further integrate ethics into computing curricula
By Cory Nealon
Release Date: July 14, 2021
Share This
Print
“I realized we had a section for each of those topics. Until then, I’d been immersed in the logistical weeds of the Playbook. But that moment made me realize that we have created something that could potentially be great. ”
Atri Rudra, professor of computer science and engineering
University at Buffalo
BUFFALO, N.Y. — The University at Buffalo is among 22 colleges and universities to create a guide on how schools can update curricula to place more emphasis on ethics when designing technology products.
The Teaching Responsible Computing Playbook collected contributions from more than 30 authors from a range of institutions — liberal arts, private and public, community college, Ivy League, Jesuit, Quaker and more.
Each institution created undergraduate computing curricula that address the social impact of computing. Ultimately, the goal is to assist higher education institutions integrate responsibility and ethics into their computing curricula and drive a cultural shift in the tech industry to help build a healthier internet.
“My main feeling about the Playbook is a sense of wonder about what we as a group were able to achieve,” said Playbook co-editor Atri Rudra, PhD, a professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) at UB.
He added: “Earlier this year I was talking with a new colleague who is interested in responsible computing in education, and they listed five or six things that they thought were important to consider. I realized we had a section for each of those topics. Until then, I’d been immersed in the logistical weeds of the Playbook. But that moment made me realize that we have created something that could potentially be great.”
Computer scientist Kathy Pham, a Mozilla Fellow and co-editor of the Playbook, said the Playbook has tremendous potential to reach computer science and engineering students.
“The code they write may be used by billions of people, influencing everything from which news stories we read, to what kind of personal data companies collect, to who qualifies for parole, insurance, or housing loans — and who does not,” said Pham. “In other words, these students have the power to shape society. When that power isn’t coupled with responsibility, the results can have unintended consequences, negatively impacting users’ autonomy, privacy, security, or wellbeing, as well as causing harm to society as a whole.” 
Each section contains an overview; key questions for educators to ask themselves; step-by-step checklists; case studies of how participating institutions have integrated those checklists into their programs; and links to additional resources.
Matthew Hertz, PhD, associate professor of teaching in CSE, co-authored the section “Accreditation and Ethics” (along with Rudra). Kenneth Joseph, PhD, assistant professor, and Jennifer Winikus, PhD, assistant professor of teaching, both in CSE, also contributed as this list of authors and contributors shows. Rudra also wrote two other sections on “Choosing Computing Courses” and “Access to Technology.”
Mozilla and the schools are encouraging faculty from additional institutions, especially those outside the United States, to add to the work though the Playbook submission form.
The Playbook is a collection of learnings and best practices gleaned from the first two years of a three-year Responsible Computer Science Challenge initiative led by the Mozilla Foundation, Omidyar Network, Schmidt Futures, and Craig Newmark Philanthropies. The initiative provided $3.5 million in grants to 19 colleges and universities to conceptualize, develop, and pilot curricula that integrate ethics with undergraduate computer science training. 
Media Contact Information
Cory Nealon
Director of News Content
Engineering, Computer Science
Tel: 716-645-4614
cmnealon@buffalo.edu
UB is actively monitoring developments related to COVID-19. Please check with event organizers for the most up-to-date information about scheduled events. 
UPCOMING SEAS EVENTS
Oct
17
WiSE and Shine Breakfast Meetup with Linde
9:00 AM - 10:00 AM
Davis Hall – Salvador Lounge (2nd Floor)
Oct
17
CBE Seminar — Hybrid Thermal and Biochemical Processing of Polyethylene for Plastic Upcycling
11:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Furnas Hall - Room 206
Oct
17
How I Got Started In: Music
4:00 PM - 5:00 PM
Oct
18
UB Counseling Services — Navigating Your Career Path: Building Resilience Amidst Application Fatigue
2:00 PM - 3:00 PM
Furnas Hall - Room 206
Oct
18
How I Got Started In: Theatre, TV + Film
4:00 PM - 5:00 PM
MORE UPCOMING SEAS EVENTS
LATEST NEWS
10/13/23 Agrusa makes historic $40 million gift to SEAS, largest in school history
9/25/23 Nine SEAS students named 2023-24 WNY Prosperity Fellows
9/8/23 SUNY chancellor touts UB as national leader in AI
9/7/23 Two NSF grants totaling $1 million fund research to make machine learning smarter
8/28/23 UB researchers receive six NSF CAREER awards totaling nearly $3.8 million
MORE NEWS

SHARE THE NEWS
Have some news or an event to share with us? Please send it to cse-dept@buffalo.edu.
CONNECT WITH US
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
