UB HomeMapsUB Directory
News Center
Official news and information from UB, New York's flagship university
Contact Us
News Releases
Faculty Experts
UB in the News
Media Kit
Our Services
Key Issues
SEARCH
A billion and beyond
UB President Satish K. Tripathi announces university surpasses historic billion-dollar fundraising campaign goal eight months before the end of the campaign.

1234
NEWS RELEASES
New report unveils groundbreaking opportunities for U.S. health care transformation10/17/23
“The Future of Health” — a forward-looking report jointly released today by the Jacobs School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences at the University at Buffalo and the Jacobs Institute — heralds massive potential for improving health care in the United States.
University at Buffalo honors 18 distinguished alumni10/13/23
Honorees include business leaders, esteemed educators and community organizers.
A billion and beyond10/13/23
UB President Satish K. Tripathi announces university surpasses historic billion-dollar fundraising campaign goal eight months before the end of the campaign.
UB researcher serves on national workshop on police suicide prevention10/13/23
Convened by the National Academies of Sciences, the group was tasked with examining approaches for improving the measurement of death by suicide among law enforcement personnel to build prevention strategies for the future.
See more news releases


UB IN THE NEWS
54% of shoppers say they’ll choose store-brand groceries over name brand from now on10/11/23
CNBC quotes Michael Krupski in a story discussing how consumers have begun opting for store-brand groceries over name brand products, and it is not just due to cost.
How to stay friends on the faculty job market10/9/23
The Chronicle of Higher Education features a column – co-written by Paris Wicker, on how faculty members can maintain a friendship while competing for the same academic openings.
How to create a sensory-friendly and accessible college dorm10/3/23
Architectural Digest spoke with Jordana Maisel for an article on how to create a sensory-friendly and accessible college dorm room.
Booming college towns may face income disparity10/3/23
Newsweek quoted Matthew Dimick in a story reporting that despite how attractive college towns look due to their plethora of opportunities, there is high income inequality. 
See more experts in the news
NEWS CENTER VIDEOS
UB dean leads NIH study on ATP1A3 diseases
How Art Gets Made: Art in the Open
After a shocking diagnosis, creating a legacy for others
University at Buffalo chemists discover new, easy way to manipulate chlorine and manganese
Who in the world is Drew Weissman?
New dog, new tricks: Spot the autonomous research dog
University at Buffalo awarded $4.5 million to create plastics recycling research center
Flying through the One World Café
SEE MORE VIDEOS

Racial Justice Faculty Experts
UB FACULTY EXPERTS
Peter Bush
Director of the South Campus Instrument Center
Expertise: forensic dentistry, bite mark analysis, victim identification
Phone: 716-829-3561
Email: pjbush@acsu.buffalo.edu






































































































































































SEE MORE EXPERTS
UB ON FUTURITY.ORG
10/10/23 Heat-resistant membrane separates molecules for less
10/6/23 Cooking fuels linked to developmental delays in kids
9/26/23 Terrorist propaganda holds predictable patterns
Our Services
University Media Contacts
Emergency Communications
Social Media and RSS
News Conferences
Faculty Experts
Experts by Topic Area
Experts A-Z Listing
About Us
Leadership and Staff
Media Relations Policies
Contact Us
UB Media Outlets
UB News Center
UBNow (campus)
At Buffalo (alumni)
UB Bulls/Athletics
Center for the Arts
For the Media
Media Kit
Key Issues
UB Multimedia
UB Photo Database
UB Facts and Figures
Our Leadership
UB at a Glance
UB facts (common data set)
Visitor's Guide
Campus Maps
Directions
Parking guidelines
Campus Wireless Access
Admin Area (internal)
Crisis Toolbox
Reports
Connect with Us
X/Twitter
@UBNewsSource
UBengineering
UBuffalo
UB_Alert
Futurity
YouTube
RSS
UB Mobile App
News Center
Official news and information from UB, New York's flagship university
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
