UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Undergraduate Education
Info for Faculty & Staff
Office of the Dean
Academic Choices
Your UB Journey
Resources & Policies
Undergraduate Initiatives
Experience college in blue, white and however else you choose.
At UB, your life as an undergraduate will be an amazing journey. You have the freedom to chart your own path and our support to make it happen. Because UB is more than a university. We’re your academic home. So no matter what your plans are now or where your goals will lead you, you can rely on us to provide an undergraduate education that is as dynamic as you are. Your UB journey starts here.
Here is how you explore UB.
Admissions
Be part of our tradition of excellence. Visit, apply to or enroll at UB.
Campus Living
Find your home away from home in UB's on-campus housing.
Research and Experiential Learning
Enhance your academics with research and experiential learning opportunities.
Career Design Center
Bring your future into focus with expert career-planning advice. 
Fellowships and Scholarships
Compete for nationally competitive fellowships and scholarships.
Advising
Locate your academic advisor and academic advising center.
Student Life
Feel the energy of a campus that's constantly in motion. 
Study Abroad
Expand your horizons by studying
abroad.
Student Success Gateway
Stay on track and prepare for life after college.
Financial Aid
Navigate and understand the financial aid process.
University Honors College
Enrich your academic experience in a dynamic learning environment.
Student Wellness
Keep your mind and body as healthy as possible. 
UB Curriculum
Prepare yourself for a diverse and dynamic world. 
Tutoring
Raise the bar on your academic performance. 
1Capen
Make 1Capen your first stop for essential student services.
Undergraduate Education
415 Capen Hall, North Campus
Buffalo, NY 14260
716-645-8989
uge-dean@buffalo.edu
Site Map
UB Links
UB Home
UB at a Glance
Visiting UB
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
