University at Buffalo
The State University
of New York
School of Engineering and Applied Sciences





School of Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni
Welcome to Alumni and Friends of the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences!
Engineering Alumni Association
Officers and Board Members
Bylaws
Get Involved
Scholarships
Engineer of the Year
Join the UBEAA Board
Support SEAS
Boldly Buffalo is a fundraising campaign that will transform UB — and the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences — in nearly every way imaginable.
Learn more about Boldy Buffalo
Learn more about supporting SEAS
Stay in Touch
Update your information
Read Buffalo Engineer magazine
Sign up for our e-newsletter
Submit a class note
Contact us
Alumni Events
Oct
18
UB Alumni Webinar: Pharmacy - The Sure Bet for Health Care Success
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
Oct
20
Denver: UB Alumni at Kokopelli Beer Company
6:00 PM - 8:00 PM
SEE ALL
Connect with Us
See more department LinkedIn groups
What makes you #UBTrueBlue?
See more and share your spirit with us!
Latest Alumni News
Personal experiences catapult UB engineers to research fellowship10/17/23
Firsthand experience with overcrowded emergency room waiting areas and an opportunity to conduct research during their academic career helped these University at Buffalo engineers earn a National Science Foundation (NSF) Fellowship.
Agrusa makes historic $40 million gift to SEAS, largest in school history10/13/23
Longtime School of Engineering and Applied Sciences benefactor and alum, Russell L. Agrusa, has made a $40 million commitment to support engineering and computer science education and the construction of a new SEAS building that will serve as a hub for student learning and activity.
Engineering Education graduates first cohort of students in ‘big milestone’6/15/23
Students are the first to receive a BS in Engineering Science since the program relaunched in 2021.  
READ MORE
Recognizing our Alumni and Friends
The School of Engineering and Applied Sciences honors our alumni and friends with a number of different awards on an annual basis:
Dean’s Award for Achievement
Engineer of the Year
Delta Award
Corporate Partner of the Year
Mentor of the Year
Outstanding Young Alumnus Award
Volunteer Recognition Award
Featured Gallery
Alumni, students, faculty and staff from the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences came together for Engineers Alley on October 1st to celebrate Homecoming 2022 and tailgate prior to the UB Bulls vs. Miami football game.
1 of 9
SEAS Portal Login
SEAS Intranet
Give
Contact Us
Academic Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Chemical and Biological Engineering
Civil, Structural and Environmental Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Engineering Education
Industrial and Systems Engineering
Materials Design and Innovation
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Sitemap
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
