School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering People Professional and Student Organizations
People
Faculty Directory
Research Scientists and Post-Docs
Staff Directory
Departmental Advisory Board
PhD Candidates
Professional and Student Organizations
Computer Science and Engineering Graduate Student Association (CSEGSA)
Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Student Advisory Board (CSEUGSAB)
Inve[n|s]t UB
MakeOpenSource (MOS)
National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT)
Society and Computing Club (SOCO)
UB Association for Computing Machinery (UB ACM)
UB DivTech
UB Hacking
UB Network Defense (UBNetDef)
Hall of Fame
Related Links
UB Directory
Professional and Student Organizations
UB DivTech 2019-2020 club officer elections, April 2019. Back row, left to right: Lawreen Latif, Harshita Girase. Middle row, left to right: Shreya Parashare, Urjitha Muthiah, Heeba Kariapper. Front row, left to right: Tim Kiernan, Tanvie Kirane, Tanisha Debasish, Malika Kodial, Lisa Kanbur.
1 of 5
We strongly encourage you to join one or more professional and student organizations.  These groups are supportive, collegial, and purpose-driven.  They're ideal environments to find new friends and build your professional network.
Once you've found a club that you like, consider running for office to become a club leader.  The leadership skills that you'll gain will look great on your resume, impress your future employers, and translate to lifelong career success.
ON THIS PAGE:
CSE Student Clubs and Organizations
SEAS Student Clubs and Organizations
UB Student Clubs and Organizations
CSE Student Clubs and Organizations
Computer Science and Engineering Graduate Student Association (CSEGSA)
The Computer Science and Engineering Graduate Student Association (CSEGSA) is a GSA academic club formed to bring the CSE graduate students together, promote communication and interest in issues concerning CSE graduate students.
Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Student Advisory Board (CSEUGSAB)
The Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Student Advisory Board (CSEUGSAB) represents the department's undergraduate student body.
Inve[n|s]t UB
Inve[n|s]t UB is a faculty, staff and student club for innovators looking to work on exciting, real-world challenges. We help create and encourage cross functional teams that are working on applying computing technologies to domains like finance, medicine, and community service.
MakeOpenSource (MOS)
MakeOpenSource (MOS) is an open-source programming club. Our goal is to create a community of programmers and developers (of any skill level) who can collaborate and contribute to open-source projects. The club is open to both undergraduate and graduate students.
National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT)
The National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT) is the only national non-profit focused on women's participation in computing across the entire ecosystem, helping nearly 900 organizations recruit, retain, and advance women from K-12 and higher education through industry and entrepreneurial careers by providing support, evidence, and action.
Society and Computing Club (SOCO)
This club is founded with the primary goal of spreading awareness. Our aim is to get the conversation going and to gather resources and interest regarding topics of relevance to the category of “society and computing.” For instance, is social media making us politically polarized? What data privacy rights do we have? How do algorithms perpetuate racial and gender bias? How does social media affect our mental health?
UB Association for Computing Machinery (UB ACM)
The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) is the main professional organization for computing professionals. Our mission is to foster a student community around computer science and software engineering at the University at Buffalo through tech talks, hackathons, and social events.
UB DivTech
The mission of this organization is to empower underrepresented demographics majoring in Computer Science and Engineering by providing a robust campus community, online resources, and visible role models.
UB Hacking
UB Hacking is the University at Buffalo's official student-run hackathon. Students are invited to gather at our event to create cool and innovative projects within 24 hours and showcase their achievements. Just bring your laptop (and other personal hygiene products) and we'll prepare the food and swag for a memorable weekend!
UB Network Defense (UBNetDef)
University at Buffalo Network Defense (UBNetDef) is UB’s Cyber Security class & club. Every semester, we hold several classes to grow students of all skill levels. In addition, we have a subset of students compete in competitions - our Competition Team.
SEAS Student Clubs and Organizations
Air and Waste Management Association (AWMA)
The mission of the AWMA student chapter is to provide leadership and direction to the UB student population in the areas of air and waste management.
American Indian Science and Engineering Society (AISES)
AISES is a national, nonprofit organization focused on substantially increasing the representation of American Indians, Alaska Natives, Native Hawaiians, Pacific Islanders, First Nations and other indigenous peoples of North America in STEM studies and careers.
Artificial Intelligence
UB-AI is UB’s Artificial Intelligence organization. Our mission is to spark discussions, ideas, and interest in the field of artificial intelligence.
Computational Sciences Club
The purpose of the Computational Sciences Club is to bring together UB students from various disciplines to share their research perspectives, organize seminars and workshops, promote collaboration, and nurture awareness in the job market.
EMERGE
EMERGE is a student-run STEM-themed biannual publication powered by a multidisciplinary team of inquirers who strive to artistically produce technical content.
Engineering World Health (EWH)
The mission of EWH is to help students apply knowledge and skills to real problems facing health professionals in the developing world, while expanding practical skills beyond classroom exposure.
Engineers Without Borders
Engineers Without Borders, University at Buffalo Chapter works to build a better world through engineering projects that empower communities to meet their basic human needs.
MakeOpenSource
MakeOpenSource is an open-source programming club. Our goal is to create a community of programmers and developers (of any skill level) who can collaborate and contribute to open-source projects. The club is open to both undergraduate and graduate students.
National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE)
The National Society of Black Engineers is the largest student managed organization in the country. NSBE seeks to promote the recruitment, retention, and academic excellence of students of color in engineering and science.
New York Water Environment Association (NYWEA)
The New York Water Environment Association (NYWEA) University at Buffalo Student Chapter is aimed at linking students to the professional world of water sustainability and management.
oSTEM
oSTEM@Buffalo is a lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, two-spirited, queer, questioning, intersex, asexual (LGBTTQQIA+) and ally-affirming organization that aims to provide services and support for students in science, technology, engineering and mathematics and to create a dynamic network between students and professionals in industry and academia.
Phi Sigma Rho
Phi Sigma Rho is a social sorority exclusively for women in engineering. Phi Sigma Rho sisters strive for academic and professional excellence but recognize that developing lasting bonds of friendship and support with other women in engineering is essential to our success.
Robotics
UB Robotics (UBR) is an undergraduate club dedicated to engineering excellence and collaboration in the field of robotics.
Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers (SASE)
SASE is dedicated to the professional and educational advancement of Asian heritage scientists and engineers.
Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE)
SHPE UB inspires and motivates underrepresented students to pursue careers in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics at the University at Buffalo and in the Buffalo area.
Society of Sales Engineers (SSE)
The mission of the SSE Student Chapter is to offer opportunities for UB students in the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS) to explore the profession of technical sales through in-depth interactions between peers, faculty, and representatives from local, regional and multi-national engineering firms.
Society of Women Engineers (SWE)
The Society of Women Engineers encourages women to achieve their full career potential as engineers and leaders by expanding the image of the engineering profession as a positive force in improving the quality of life, and by demonstrating the value of diversity.
Students for the Exploration and Development of Space (SEDS)
The goal of the University at Buffalo Students for the Exploration and Development of Space (UB SEDS) is to raise interest and awareness of space exploration and development.
Tau Beta Pi
Tau Beta Pi is the nation's second oldest honor society, and the the only engineering honor society that recognizes individuals from all engineering disciplines.
Theme Park Engineering Club (TPEC)
TPEC gives interested students the chance to explore theme park engineering in depth and to learn more about potential careers in the field.
Theta Tau
Theta Tau is the nation's oldest co-ed fraternity for engineers and is comprised of students from all engineering majors.
University at Buffalo Nanosatellite Laboratory (UB Nanosat)
Nanosat is a collaborative organization of undergraduate and graduate students who work with the Air Force Research Lab, NASA, and Moog, Inc. to build satellites from concept to launch.
University at Buffalo Pilots Association
The University at Buffalo Pilots Association promotes aviation exploration and training to students of all disciplines and levels of experience. Whether you are curious about learning more about the field of aviation, are an aspiring pilot, or already have a pilots’ license, there are plenty of opportunities to get involved.
UB Student Clubs and Organizations
Complete list of UB's student clubs and organizations
WHY CHOOSE CSE?
Accredited Computer Engineering BS
The Computer Engineering BS program is accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission (EAC) of ABET.



MORE REASONS TO CHOOSE CSE
EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING
Tinkering
Tinkering is the first step in the experiential learning continuum. Students pursue self-led, hands-on practice as a precursor to being involved in more significant activities.
MORE EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES
NEED TO TALK TO SOMEONE?
For personal assistance, email the appropriate support team below.
CSE Departmental Inquiries:
cse-dept@buffalo.edu
CSE Graduate Program (Prospective Students):
gradeng@buffalo.edu
CSE Graduate Program (Current Students):
csegradcoord@buffalo.edu
CSE Undergraduate Program:
cse-uginfo@buffalo.edu
CSE Information Technology Services:
cse-consult@buffalo.edu
SEE MORE CSE CONTACT OPTIONS

Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
