School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate
Undergraduate
Admissions
Academic Advisement
Degrees & Programs
BS/MS in Computer Science and Engineering
BS in Computer Science
BS in Computer Engineering
BA in Computer Science
Minor in Computer Science
Minor in Cybersecurity
BS in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology—Computer Science and Engineering Concentration
BS in Computational Physics
BA in Social Sciences Interdisciplinary—Cognitive Science Concentration
Certificate in Data-Intensive Computing
Scholarships, Assistantships, and Awards
Courses
Resources for Current Students
Experiential Learning
Related Links
UB Undergraduate Education
SEAS Undergraduate Education
How to Apply
Admissions Information
Undergraduate Program
Josh Bueno (CS BS '16), Dr. Bina Ramamurthy, Gela Malek Pour (CS BS '16), Meg Arnold (CS BS/MTH BS '17), Wendy Jansson (CEN BS '16), and Dr. Atri Rudra at CSEdWeek '15, December 7, 2015. Photo credit: Ken Smith
1 of 40
The bachelor's degree is your first step toward a career in computing and information technology, whether you'd like to work in industry, start your own company, or continue your professional education in graduate school.
Our undergraduate programs are designed to give you a solid, world-class educational foundation in both classical and cutting-edge aspects of the fields.  And because computing is increasingly ubiquitous in every field of human endeavor, many students are choosing to complement other programs of study with a computer science or computer engineering degree.
Learn more about the Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Program.
Admissions
Start here to apply to our undergraduate computer science, computer engineering, or special joint academic programs.
Academic Advisement
Meet the academic advisors who will help you succeed in your program!
Degrees & Programs
Discover which undergraduate program is right for you—a computer science degree, a computer engineering degree, a special joint academic programs degree, or a certificate.
Scholarships, Assistantships, and Awards
Many CSE undergraduates receive financial aid in the form of scholarships and awards.
Courses
The UB Undergraduate Academic Schedule lists our undergraduate Fall, Spring, and Summer course offerings.
Resources for Current Students
These resources document the policies, rules, and even study habits that will help you succeed in your chosen academic program.
Experiential Learning
Experiential learning gives you substantial preparation to enter the scientific and engineering professions and helps you explore future career options.  Many program graduates credit these experiences with giving them a competitive advantage during job searches and a smoother transition to full-time employment.
UNDERGRADUATE OFFICE
Co-Director of Undergraduate Studies
Dr. Kris Schindler
346 Davis Hall
Co-Director of Undergraduate Studies
Dr. Lukasz (Luke) Ziarek
338E Davis Hall
Undergraduate Academic Coordinator
Shelly Neumaier
338O Davis Hall
Prospective Student Questions
cse-uginfo@buffalo.edu
Current Student Questions
cse-uginfo@buffalo.edu
WHY CHOOSE CSE?
Supercomputing
UB's Center for Computational Research (CCR) is considered one of the nation's leading supercomputing centers and supports high performance computing for departmental research in the areas of bioinformatics, medical image processing, virtual reality, and geographic information systems. 




MORE REASONS TO CHOOSE CSE
EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING
Engineering Intramurals
An engineering intramural is any problem-based extracurricular engineering activity that provides an authentic (i.e., “real-world”) learning experience for students.
MORE EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES
RELATED LINKS:
Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Courses
BS/MS in Computer Science and Engineering Program
BS in Computer Science Program
BS in Computer Engineering Program
BA in Computer Science Program
BS in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology—Computer Science and Engineering Concentration
BS in Computational Physics
Minor in Computer Science Program
Minor in Cybersecurity Program
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
