School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Scholarships, Assistantships, and Awards
Undergraduate
Admissions
Academic Advisement
Degrees & Programs
BS/MS in Computer Science and Engineering
BS in Computer Science
BS in Computer Engineering
BA in Computer Science
Minor in Computer Science
Minor in Cybersecurity
BS in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology—Computer Science and Engineering Concentration
BS in Computational Physics
BA in Social Sciences Interdisciplinary—Cognitive Science Concentration
Certificate in Data-Intensive Computing
Scholarships, Assistantships, and Awards
Courses
Resources for Current Students
Experiential Learning
Related Links
UB Undergraduate Education
SEAS Undergraduate Education
How to Apply
Admissions Information
Scholarships, Assistantships, and Awards
CSEdWeek '15 welcome committee: Brian Francis De Guzman (CS BS '18), Elliott King (CS BS '17), and Valencia Kaplinksy (CS BS '18). Photo credit: Ken Smith
Many CSE undergraduates receive financial aid in the form of scholarships and awards.
ON THIS PAGE:
National Scholarships
SEAS Scholarships
CSE Scholarships and Awards
Additional Scholarships and Funding Opportunities
National Scholarships
Scholarship/Award Description
National Center for Women & Information Technology (NCWIT) Collegiate Award
The NCWIT Collegiate Award honors the outstanding computing accomplishments of undergraduate and graduate women.  Conferred annually, the award recognizes technical contributions to projects that demonstrate a high level of creativity and potential impact.
 See our NCWIT page for more information.
SEAS Scholarships
Undergraduate CSE students are eligible for many engineering-wide scholarships managed through the Dean's Office in the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
SEAS Scholarships for Undergraduate Students
UB Engineering Alumni Association Scholarships
CSE Scholarships and Awards
Outstanding Student Achievement Awards
Many scholarships and awards are available exclusively to CSE undergraduate students.
Award Winners
Scholarship/Award Description
Association of Old Crows
The Association of Old Crows Scholarship Program seeks to assist in the education of students in engineering and the hard sciences, who are likely to pursue careers in electronic defense and related professions; support member national interest by encouraging students to enter the science and engineering fields; and create greater awareness in the educational sector for electronic defense.
Beth Cheshire Moran Award Awarded to one or more female CSE undergrads with strong personal character, experiencing or having overcome adversity.  This award was developed on behalf of the late Beth Cheshire, who was challenged with illness while completing her CS degree.
Faculty Choice Award Awarded to one or more graduating seniors who have been a most vital presence in the department and whose departure will be sorely missed, not only by the faculty, at whose discretion the prize is awarded, but by the department as a whole.
Gina Hammond Computer Science Award Awarded to one or more deserving CSE undergrads.
Naida Irazarry Shaw and Max Kaw Scholarship Awarded to CSE students with financial need, who have full-time status with 16 credit hours total, are US-born citizens, and have a 3.0 GPA or higher.  Preference given to underrepresented females.
Undergraduate Entrepreneurship Award Awarded to one or more graduating seniors who exhibit exceptional entrepreneurial activity during their stay at UB CSE.
Undergraduate Leadership/Service Award Awarded to one ore more graduating seniors who exhibit exceptional service for the department and/or UB as a whole.
Undergraduate Research Award Awarded to one or more graduating seniors who have done exceptional research with a UB CSE faculty during their undergraduate studies.
Undergraduate Teaching Award Awarded to one or more graduating seniors who have gone above and beyond their usual undergraduate teaching assistant duties to help out the students in their class(es).
Additional Scholarships and Funding Opportunities
CURCA $500.00 Undergraduate Research Awards
UB’s Center for Undergraduate Research & Creative Activities, through the support of the Office of the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education, is pleased to offer undergraduate students the opportunity to apply for Undergraduate Research Awards. Awards are granted to University at Buffalo undergraduate students who exhibit a need for funding to perform meaningful research and/or creative activities during their undergraduate enrollment at UB.
More about CURCA Undergraduate Research Awards
The Henry A. Panasci Jr. Technology Entrepreneurship Competition
The Henry A. Panasci Jr. Technology Entrepreneurship Competition was designed to bring together UB students from science, technology, business and other disciplines to maximize their potential and create viable businesses in Western New York. The competition awards seed money and business services to the team that presents the best plan for launch of a viable new business.
More about the Panasci Competition
Louis Stokes Alliance for Minority Participation (LSAMP) Summer Research Internship Program
The State University of New York Louis Stokes Alliance for Minority Participation (LSAMP) Summer Research Internship Program is a 10-week intensive National Science Foundation summer research experience for undergraduates that aims to increase the number of underrepresented (African-American, Latino/a and Native American) students in STEM disciplines. Applicants should have completed a minimum of 30 credits, have a GPA of 2.8 or greater and have demonstrated serious research interest in a STEM discipline.
More about the LSAMP Summer Research Internship Program
Department of Defense Science, Mathematics, And Research for Transformation (SMART) Scholarship-for-Service Program
THE SMART scholarship-for-service program fully funds undergraduate and graduate degrees in a wide range of technical areas, including all fields of engineering, physics, chemistry, biology, brain and cognitive sciences, and mathematics. This highly selective national program fully supports educational costs (including full tuition, generous stipend, book allowance, and a summer internship) while in school, and then provides guaranteed employment with the Defense Department upon graduation.
More about DoD SMART Scholarships-for-Service
Western New York Prosperity Fellowships
The Western New York Prosperity Fellowship Program provides assistance to undergraduate and graduate students who are actively preparing for careers that further economic development and growth, especially in the Western New York region. Students can receive scholarship support of up to $25K annually based on financial need. Eligible applicants include undergraduate students in engineering, management, biomedical science, and biotechnology who have at least junior-level standing during the award period; are in good academic standing; have an interest in bolstering the WNY economy; and have financial need. Graduate students are also eligible.
More about WNY Prosperity Fellowships
Back to top of page
UNDERGRADUATE OFFICE
Co-Director of Undergraduate Studies
Dr. Kris Schindler
346 Davis Hall
Co-Director of Undergraduate Studies
Dr. Lukasz (Luke) Ziarek
338E Davis Hall
Undergraduate Academic Coordinator
Shelly Neumaier
338O Davis Hall
Prospective Student Questions
cse-uginfo@buffalo.edu
Current Student Questions
cse-uginfo@buffalo.edu
WHY CHOOSE CSE?
Supercomputing
UB's Center for Computational Research (CCR) is considered one of the nation's leading supercomputing centers and supports high performance computing for departmental research in the areas of bioinformatics, medical image processing, virtual reality, and geographic information systems. 




MORE REASONS TO CHOOSE CSE
EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING
Engineering Intramurals
An engineering intramural is any problem-based extracurricular engineering activity that provides an authentic (i.e., “real-world”) learning experience for students.
MORE EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES
RELATED LINKS:
Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Courses
BS/MS in Computer Science and Engineering Program
BS in Computer Science Program
BS in Computer Engineering Program
BA in Computer Science Program
BS in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology—Computer Science and Engineering Concentration
BS in Computational Physics
Minor in Computer Science Program
Minor in Cybersecurity Program
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
