University at Buffalo
The State University
of New York
School of Engineering and Applied Sciences





Agrusa’s historic gift supports new building
Alum and benefactor Russell L. Agrusa’s $40 million gift will support engineering and computer science education and the construction of a new building in his name.




123456
Latest News
Personal experiences catapult UB engineers to research fellowship10/17/23
Firsthand experience with overcrowded emergency room waiting areas and an opportunity to conduct research during their academic career helped these University at Buffalo engineers earn a National Science Foundation (NSF) Fellowship.
Agrusa makes historic $40 million gift to SEAS, largest in school history10/13/23
Longtime School of Engineering and Applied Sciences benefactor and alum, Russell L. Agrusa, has made a $40 million commitment to support engineering and computer science education and the construction of a new SEAS building that will serve as a hub for student learning and activity.
Researchers awarded NSF grant for Lahaina wildfire simulation10/10/23
Interdisciplinary team to combine AI, high-performance computing and modeling to better understand Lahaina fire; reduce likelihood of future disasters.
UB part of $2.3 million project to make solar energy production more resilient9/27/23
New technology could increase energy generation and drive down solar energy production costs. 
More News & Events
Quick Links
Find Your Program
Visit SEAS
Undergraduate Advisement
Course Flowsheets
Faculty Directory
Award-Winning Faculty
Rabideau elected fellow of ASCE
Whittaker joins elite group of Nathan M. Newmark medalists at UB
Faculty Honors & Awards
FACES & VOICES
"It is so important to enjoy our beautiful world, and do what we can to leave it better than we found it."
Sydney Gallo
Environmental engineering student



















Academic Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Chemical and Biological Engineering
Civil, Structural and Environmental Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Engineering Education
Industrial and Systems Engineering
Materials Design and Innovation
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Find Your Program
Happening in #UBSEAS
On Instagram
Seen in SEAS
131 employers registered to participate in the job and internship fair.
Share This
Full Screen
Previous1/5Next
STEAM Job + Internship Fair
On Oct. 3, the Career Design Center hosted the STEAM Job + Internship Fair, which connected employers with UB students interested in the Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Math (STEAM) fields. This was the first in-person event since 2019. It was also the largest turnout since at least 2013! Photos Meredith Forrest Kulwicki
Published October 11, 2023
Explore Life in SEAS
Calendar Highlights
Oct
17
WiSE and Shine Breakfast Meetup with Linde
9:00 AM - 10:00 AM
Davis Hall – Salvador Lounge (2nd Floor)
Oct
17
CBE Seminar — Hybrid Thermal and Biochemical Processing of Polyethylene for Plastic Upcycling
11:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Furnas Hall - Room 206
SEE ALL EVENTS
On YouTube
Diversifying the STEM workforce with LSAMP
Introduction to IE 581: E-Business and Supply Chain Management
Faces & Voices - UB Esports
Connect With Us
SEAS at a Glance
The School of Engineering and Applied Sciences was founded in 1946
Home to 10 ABET accredited undergraduate programs
A global community with students from 73 different countries and 33 different states
Our Fall 2022 student body consists of 3,110 graduate students and 4,690 undergraduates
Ranked No. 15 in the U.S. for blockchain education by Successful Student
Research expenditures total over $90 million annually



Information For:
Prospective Students
Current Students
Alumni
Industry Partners
SEAS Portal Login
SEAS Intranet
Give
Contact Us
Academic Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Chemical and Biological Engineering
Civil, Structural and Environmental Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Engineering Education
Industrial and Systems Engineering
Materials Design and Innovation
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Sitemap
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
