UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Research and Economic
Development
Find Help
Who We Are
Research Services
Research Centers
Business & Entrepreneur Partnerships
INFO FOR
UB awarded $20 million to establish AI institute
UB has been awarded a highly competitive grant by the National Science Foundation to establish a national institute to develop artificial intelligence systems that identify and assist young children with speech and/or language processing challenges. The five-year, $20 million effort will address the nationwide shortage of speech-language pathologists and provide services to children ages 3 to 10 who are at increased risk of falling behind in their academic and socioemotional development.
123456
The University at Buffalo, known for groundbreaking and transformative research, drives innovation forward to improve lives and create a positive impact globally.
Join top minds in pursuit of their passion, utilizing world-class facilities and bettering our world, one discovery at a time. As a top public research university – ranked third in the US for innovation and infrastructure, first in New York State and earning a spot in the prestigious Association of American Universities (AAU) - UB is a place where ambition meets altruism and innovation creates impact.
Research and Economic Development is the intersection of innovation, entrepreneurial and business partnerships, transforming communities locally and around the globe. Our offices assist everyone - from principal investigators to budding and mature businesses - in moving their research, development and commercialization forward, fostering scientific discoveries and entrepreneurial endeavors.
Research & Innovation News
Learn more about UB’s latest research ventures and community impacts on UBNow, the university’s go-to internal news site.
Learn more
License Technology
Solve a technical problem, grow your business, or launch a new venture with cutting-edge technologies from UB.
Learn more
Move Innovations to Impact
Stay at the forefront of innovation with joint R&D projects, funding, high-tech facilities, equipment and research services.
Learn more
~ $ 0
MILLION
FY23 projected spending
0 +
TECHNOLOGIES
Available for licensing
$ 0 +
BILLION
Annual economic impact
Strategic Research and Innovation
Artificial Intelligence for Societal Impact
Using human-informed research to expand the boundaries of machine learning, address the world’s most complex challenges and combat misinformation.

Robotics, Advanced Manufacturing & Materials
Utilizing robotic technologies and advanced materials to forward industrial output and boost economic productivity in an ecologically and fiscally sustainable manner.
Advanced Energy & Industrial Efficiencies Technologies
Introducing new technologies to address product development and mitigate challenges.
Climate & Extreme Events
Tackling the world’s most extreme disasters, complex energy and environmental issues, and leading the charge on creating a sustainable world for all.
High Performance Computing
Analyzing and synthesizing large-scale data to tackle a variety of research issues, from natural disasters to medical technologies.
Life & Biomedical Sciences
Driving medical discoveries, technological and scientific breakthroughs to improve the health and wellness of patients around the world.
RESEARCH NEWS
10/13/23 NSF grant for Lahaina wildfire simulation
10/12/23 Synthetic molecules could help treat cystic fibrosis
10/12/23 UB helping AAU, U.S. connect with Indian partners in research
10/10/23 A window into climate change
HIGHLIGHTED EVENT
No events scheduled.
SEE ALL
QUICK LINKS
Participate in Research
UB Rates and Facts for Researchers
Limited Submission Opportunities
Forms Catalog
CLICK Portal Login
OnCore Login
Training Workshops
Research Insights and Discoveries
Tech Talk with UB VPCIO Brice Bible Episode 2: Venu Govindaraju, PhD
Brice is joined by UB’s VP of Research & Economic Development, Venu Govindaraju, to discuss UB’s rich history with AI research, how UB is leading the way in AI development for good, and how AI will change education in the future.
Browse all episodes of Tech Talk with UB VPCIO Brice Bible
Podcast: Free Speech and the Supreme Court
While other children played house, Samantha Barbas played journalist. Today, she is a leading authority on the intersection of media, culture and the law. In this episode of Driven to Discover, she discusses the subject of her latest book: New York Times v. Sullivan, the 1964 case that transformed free speech in America and that could now be in danger of reversal by a very different Supreme Court.
Browse all episodes of Driven to Discover
Podcast: Climate resiliency
As a kid, Nick Rajkovich built a wastewater plant in his parents' basement. Today, as an expert in climate resiliency, he his still using design and building to help others. In this episode of Driven to Discover, Rajkovich tells host David Hill how we can (and must) adapt our built environment to withstand an increasingly hostile climate.
Browse all episodes of Driven to Discover
Podcast: Forever chemicals
After seeing the river she swam in as a child turn black with pollution, Diana Aga became determined to help clean up the planet. In this episode of Driven to Discover, the renowned environmental chemist talks to host Cory Nealon about PFAS, or forever chemicals: what they are, why they're so dangerous, and what she's doing to take the "forever" out of them.
Browse all episodes of Driven to Discover
Arin Bhattacharjee on Opioid-Free Pain relief
As a kid, Arin Bhattacharjee imagined scoring the winning goal in the World Cup. Now, as a neurobiologist, he’s imagining new ways to treat pain. In this episode, Bhattacharjee tells host Ellen Golbaum about his development of a novel treatment that could not only alleviate suffering and hasten surgical recovery, but also curtail addiction.
LaGarrett King on Teaching Black History
Black history wasn't part of the curriculum when LaGarrett King was a boy. Now he's on a mission to change that. In this episode, King tells host Vicky Santos why Black history is essential learning for all students, and how his center is helping teachers to get it right.
Stephanie Poindexter on The Slow Loris
As a child, Stephanie Poindexter loved watching the apes at the zoo. Now she's an expert in the slow loris, a noctural primate that inhabits Southeast Asia. In this episode of Driven to Discover, Poindexter tells host Vicky Santos what it's like to track down this shy creature in a Thai jungle in the middle of the night, and why she does it.
John Crassidis on Space Junk
His first Halloween costume was an astronaut. Today he is a world-renowned expert in space junk. In this episode of Driven to Discover, aerospace engineer John Crassidis talks to host Cory Nealon about what space junk is, the threat it poses to the future of space travel, and how he and his students are working to solve the problem.
Resources for our Researchers
Research Advancement
Leadership & Administration
Technology Transfer
Sponsored Project Services
Here is where differences become our strengths, where scientific and technological discoveries transform into global impact, and where bettering the world becomes our life’s work.
Our Offices
Business and Entrepreneur Partnerships
Clinical Research Office (CRO)
Laboratory Animal Facilities (LAF)
Office of Research Advancement (ORA)
Office of Research Compliance (ORC)
Research Information Systems (RIS)
Social and Behavior Research Support Office (BRO)
Sponsored Projects Services (SPS)
Technology Transfer
Interdisciplinary Centers
Center for Computational Research (CCR)
Center for Integrated Global Biomedical Sciences
Clinical Research Institute on Addictions (CRIA)
Center of Excellence in Bioinformatics and Life Sciences (CBLS)
Center of Excellence in Materials Informatics (CMI)
UB RENEW: Research and Education in eNergy, Environment and Water Institute
UB Microbiome Center
Collaborative Research
BioXFEL
Buffalo Institute for Genomics & Data Analytics (BIG)
Clinical Translational Research Center
START-UP NY
UB CAT: Center for Advanced Biomedical & Bioengineering Technology
WNY Innovation Hot Spot
Women's Health Initiative
Communities of Excellence
Genome, Environment and Microbiome
SMART - Sustainable Manufacturing and Advanced Robotic Technologies
Community for Global Health Equity
Research and Economic Development
516 Capen Hall
Buffalo, NY 14260-1611
(716) 645-3321
Contact Us
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
