School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering About Us Why Choose CSE?
About Us
Chair's Welcome
Our Mission
Our Values
Why Choose CSE?
Faces & Voices
A History of our Department
Contact Us
Support CSE
Related Links
About the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
About the University
About Buffalo-Niagara
Why Choose CSE?
ON THIS PAGE:
Program Highlights
Research Program Highlights
Graduate Program Highlights
Undergraduate Program Highlights
Program Highlights
Affordability
Spend less on tuition. UB has a worldwide reputation for academic excellence, but the cost of attending our undergraduate and graduate programs is much less than many comparable public and private universities.
Clubs
Meet new friends and apply skills you've learned in class to cool, real-world projects; get involved in professional and student organizations—such as the UB Association for Computing Machinery (UB ACM), UB Hacking, and UB Scientista.
High Salaries
A degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering opens doors to exciting and rewarding careers that command high salaries. According to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics Occupational Outlook Handbook, the median income for all computing and information technology occupations was $82,860 in May 2016.
Established and Growing
Over the past three years, we have hired six new faculty members: in algorithms, databases, data mining, electronic commerce, natural language processing, and networks. Computer science was first organized as a department at UB in 1967—one of the first in the U.S.—and merged with computer engineering in 1998 to form the present department. 
Industry Connections
Our industry partners include: Dell, IBM Corporation, IBM Digital, Kodak, Myricom, Praxair, Q-Chem, Sarnoff, Veridian Engineering Division, and Xerox.
Facilities
Use over 18,000 square feet of cutting-edge research labs, teaching labs, classrooms, and collaboration-focused meeting spaces.
Successful Alumni
Join the department’s network of accomplished alumni who have gone on to top graduate programs and employment with companies such as Bloomberg, Google, and Microsoft.
Supercomputing
UB's Center for Computational Research (CCR) is considered one of the nation's leading supercomputing centers and supports high performance computing for departmental research in the areas of bioinformatics, medical image processing, virtual reality, and geographic information systems. 
Top-Notch Faculty
Be taught and mentored by faculty members who are outstanding teachers and internationally-recognized researchers.
Research Program Highlights
Bioinformatics and Life Sciences
At UB, you can get into one of the hottest new research fields right at the beginning. Our faculty has direct involvement in the new $200 million New York State Center of Excellence in Bioinformatics and Life Sciences, particularly in the high-performance computing and computational science areas of this research.
Cutting-Edge Research
Our research areas span artificial intelligence, systems, and theory; they are well-funded by federal, state, and industrial sources. Our faculty work in multi-disciplinary and newly emerging fields, such as bioinformatics, computer vision, machine learning, and robotics.
Document Analysis
Our affiliated Center of Excellence for Document Analysis and Recognition (CEDAR) is one of the world’s leading centers for research on interpreting scanned images. Among other accomplishments, CEDAR developed the systems that postal agencies around the world use for automatically sorting hand-addressed mail.
Multidisciplinary
Our faculty work with researchers in chemistry, the life sciences, the pharmaceutical sciences, media study, geographic information science, and other disciplines where an interface with computer science is increasingly central.  Learn more about our collaborative research areas.
Research Centers, Labs, and Groups
Our research centers, labs, and groups provide abundant opportunities for exploring state-of-the-art research and working with sophisticated computing facilities.
Research Funding
Our faculty average $4.5 million annually in external research awards. We were ranked 26th among 165 U.S. PhD-granting Computer Science Departments for annual research support, according to a recent survey conducted by the National Science Foundation.
Research Sponsors
Numerous world-class agencies fund our departmental research initiatives.
Graduate Program Highlights
A Vibrant Community
Our graduates are hired by the best companies and research laboratories.
Community
Join a welcoming community.  You'll be part of a supportive, diverse, and dynamic environment.
Experiential Learning Opportunities
Gain hands-on experience via graduate internships, research assistantships, and professional and student organizations.
Wide-Ranging Curriculum
Tailor your studies to match your interests and career objectives with the department’s broad selection of graduate courses.
What are we working on now? Take a look at our recent newsletters.
Undergraduate Program Highlights
Accredited Computer Science BS
The Computer Science BS program is accredited by the Computing Accreditation Commission (CAC) of ABET. 
Accredited Computer Engineering BS
The Computer Engineering BS program is accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission (EAC) of ABET.
Entrepreneurial Spirit
Dan Magnuszewski (CS BS '05) is co-founder and CTO of ACV Auctions, a Buffalo-based startup that employs over 500 people nationwide.
Hands-on Experience
Gain hands-on, real-world industrial experience via experiential learning opportunities: hackathons, undergraduate internships, professional and student organizations, and undergraduate research.
Learn More: See our Computer Science Fact Sheet
(505 KB) and Computer Engineering Fact Sheet
(547 KB).
Apply Now
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
