University at Buffalo
The State University
of New York
School of Engineering and Applied Sciences





School of Engineering and Applied Sciences Academics Graduate Education
When you join UB’s School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, you join an inclusive environment that supports big thinking, creative freedom, and vast possibilities for achievement.
SEAS 360° Certificate of Professional Development
Discover how you can improve your soft skills, plan for your career and build your network with free professional development training.
1234
Find Your Program
Fields of Study
Admissions
Info for New Students
Info for Current Students
Professional Development
Scholarships & Fellowships
Events
Policies
Take on the real world.
Our graduate students receive free professional development training through the SEAS 360° Certificate of Professional Development program, designed to help graduate students develop and improve the soft skills employers around the world expect.
Learn more about the SEAS 360° Certificate of Professional Development
Collaborate across disciplines to turn your ideas into reality.
We encourage entrepreneurial thinking by connecting our students and faculty to a wealth of opportunities and sources at UB and throughout Western New York.
Chemical and Biological Engineering PhD student Parham Rohani (left) is pursuing ideas that could bring a hydrogen generating device to your car and prevent your lithium-ion battery from wearing out. In order to bring his concepts to market, he launched NanoHydroChem LLC, which won $50,000 in a statewide commercialization competition organized by FuzeHub, a nonprofit organization that assists small- to medium-sized manufacturing companies.
Resources for entrepreneurs
Explore multidisciplinary programs
Conduct research with faculty experts in your field.
Our students and faculty engage in fundamental research and pioneer new technologies that address big challenges faced by society, with research expenditures totaling $74 million annually.
As a SEAS graduate student, you will utilize modern research labs and be mentored by faculty members who are outstanding teachers and internationally recognized for their research. 
Learn more about our research
Your Future Starts Here
Apply Now
Request More Info
Contact Us
Latest News
In year of firsts, SEAS class of '23 told to embrace uncertainty at commencement6/2/23
The largest class in school history, newest department graduates first cohort, and new doctorate awarded for first time.
From career change to deferred admission, SEAS student speakers had long journeys to commencement5/18/23
Haley Parker will speak at the undergraduate ceremony, while Vidushi Sharma and Tashfia Mohona will speak at the two graduate ceremonies.
PhD student’s online retail model a ‘win-win’ for buyer and sellers4/24/23
Award-winning research proposes discount system for customers who order online but pick up in person.
MORE STUDENT NEWS
MEET OUR STUDENTS & ALUMNI
Being a second-year doctoral student, I was fortunate to obtain an internship opportunity as an Applied Science Intern at one of the FAANG companies – Amazon this summer. Thanks to the graduate course work I had taken in the CSE department, my interview process went smoothly.
Archita Pathak PhD candidate, Computer Science and Engineering

















Join our network of success.
Our graduates are employed at top companies and universities around the world. Our network includes:
SEAS Portal Login
SEAS Intranet
Give
Contact Us
Academic Departments
Biomedical Engineering
Chemical and Biological Engineering
Civil, Structural and Environmental Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Engineering Education
Industrial and Systems Engineering
Materials Design and Innovation
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Sitemap
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
