School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Degrees & Programs
Undergraduate
Admissions
Academic Advisement
Degrees & Programs
BS/MS in Computer Science and Engineering
BS in Computer Science
BS in Computer Engineering
BA in Computer Science
Minor in Computer Science
Minor in Cybersecurity
BS in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology—Computer Science and Engineering Concentration
BS in Computational Physics
BA in Social Sciences Interdisciplinary—Cognitive Science Concentration
Certificate in Data-Intensive Computing
Scholarships, Assistantships, and Awards
Courses
Resources for Current Students
Experiential Learning
Related Links
UB Undergraduate Education
SEAS Undergraduate Education
How to Apply
Admissions Information
Degrees & Programs
Discover which undergraduate program is right for you—a computer science degree, a computer engineering degree, a special joint academic programs degree, or a certificate.
Learn more about our program enrollment and graduation data.
BS/MS in Computer Science and Engineering
The department offers a combined program leading to the simultaneous conferral of the Computer Science BS and the Computer Science and Engineering MS.
BS in Computer Science
Computer Science is the systematic study of algorithmic methods for representing and transforming information, including their theory, design, implementation, application, and efficiency.
BS in Computer Engineering
Computer Engineering is the design and prototyping of computing devices and systems.  While sharing much history and many areas of interest with Computer Science, Computer Engineering concentrates its effort on the ways in which computing ideas are mapped into working physical systems.
BA in Computer Science
Computer Science is the systematic study of algorithmic methods for representing and transforming information, including their theory, design, implementation, application, and efficiency.
Minor in Computer Science
CSE offers a minor program in Computer Science for students in other majors who wish to complement their major studies with Computer Science coursework.
Minor in Cybersecurity
In the wake of seemingly daily breaches and attacks faced by both the public and private sectors, there has never been greater global interest in cybersecurity.
BS in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology—Computer Science and Engineering Concentration
The Bioinformatics and Computational Biology (BCB) program is an interdisciplinary program that involves the application of mathematics and computing to the study of genes and proteins; computational biology addresses more general questions involving computing applied to cellular and sub-cellular structures.
BS in Computational Physics
The Department of Computer Science and Engineering and the Department of Physics jointly offer the Bachelor of Science degree in Computational Physics.
BA in Social Sciences Interdisciplinary—Cognitive Science Concentration
The Social Sciences Interdisciplinary BA—Cognitive Science Concentration is a special joint academic program designed for students interested in using an interdisciplinary approach to study the cognitive aspects of philosophy, artificial intelligence, cognitive psychology, and computational linguistics, among others.
Certificate in Data-Intensive Computing
Data-intensive computing is a collective solution to address the data deluge that has been brought about by tremendous advances in distributed systems and Internet-based computing.
UNDERGRADUATE OFFICE
Co-Director of Undergraduate Studies
Dr. Kris Schindler
346 Davis Hall
Co-Director of Undergraduate Studies
Dr. Lukasz (Luke) Ziarek
338E Davis Hall
Undergraduate Academic Coordinator
Shelly Neumaier
338O Davis Hall
Prospective Student Questions
cse-uginfo@buffalo.edu
Current Student Questions
cse-uginfo@buffalo.edu
WHY CHOOSE CSE?
Successful Alumni
Join the department’s network of accomplished alumni who have gone on to top graduate programs and employment with companies such as Bloomberg, Google, and Microsoft.




MORE REASONS TO CHOOSE CSE
EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING
Internships and Co-Ops
Students are eligible to earn academic credit for internships and co-ops that may fulfill degree requirements.
MORE EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES
RELATED LINKS:
Computer Science and Engineering Undergraduate Courses
BS/MS in Computer Science and Engineering Program
BS in Computer Science Program
BS in Computer Engineering Program
BA in Computer Science Program
BS in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology—Computer Science and Engineering Concentration
BS in Computational Physics
Minor in Computer Science Program
Minor in Cybersecurity Program
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
