Degree & Course Catalog
      University at Buffalo Catalogs
2023-2024 Undergraduate Catalog
2023-2024 Undergraduate Catalog
Catalog Search
S
earch
Advanced Search
Catalog Home
Archived Catalogs
General Catalog Information
Majors and Combined Degrees
Minors, Certificates and Micro-Credentials
Departments & Programs
Courses
UB Curriculum (General Education)
Academic Policies and Procedures
Academic Calendar
Campus Facilities and Instructional Spaces
Financial and Scholarship Information
Admissions
Student Records and Registration
Academic Advising
Learning Outside the Classroom
Study Abroad
myUB
HUB Academic Advisement Report
Accreditations
a
Linguistics BA - Korean Language and Linguistics Concentration
Return to: Majors and Combined Degrees
Speaking. Signing. Understanding. It’s all part of linguistics, a program designed for people who love words and languages -and want to use science to study how we communicate with each other. For example, are you curious why “the small brown dog” sounds right, but “the brown small dog” sounds wrong? Find out at UB, where you can also choose to specialize in some of the world’s most widely spoken languages, like Chinese, Japanese and Korean.
Visit the Linguistics academic program page for more information about the academic experience, who you will learn from, opportunities outside of class and what you can do with this degree.
Visit the Linguistics department page for contact information, a brief overview of the department and the curricular options
Admission Criteria
Current UB students seeking admission to the Linguistics BA - Korean Language and Linguistics concentration will be added to the major upon request by completing the College of Arts and Sciences Request to Change a Major - Form.
Course Requirements
Korean Language and Linguistics Core (15-33 credits)*
*Credit range is contingent upon demonstrated language proficiency. Students are required to complete coursework or demonstrate proficiency through KOR 202.
LIN 205LEC - Introduction to Linguistic Analysis Credits: 3
LIN 301LEC - Structure of English: The Sound System Credits: 3
LIN 302LEC - Structure of English: Grammar and Lexicon Credits: 3
 KOR 101LEC - First-Year Korean Credits: 5 AND
KOR 102LEC - First-Year Korean Credits: 5 OR
KOR 201LEC - Second-Year Korean Credits: 4 AND
KOR 202LEC - Second-Year Korean Credits: 4 (second year) or demonstrated proficiency*
 KOR 411LEC - Introduction to Korean Linguistics Credits: 3
KOR 499TUT - Independent Study Credits: 1-8 (3 credits minimum)
Two Linguistics Courses (6 credits)
One any level LIN course (3 credits)
One 300/400 level LIN course (3 credits)
Five Language Specialization courses (15 credits minimum)
KOR 301LEC - Third-Year Korean Credits: 3
KOR 302LEC - Third-Year Korean Credits: 3
KOR 421LEC - Korean Language and Culture Credits: 3
KOR 496TUT - Internship/Practicum Credits: 1-8
KOR 499TUT - Independent Study Credits: 1-8 (3 credit minimum)
Notes
UB Seminar courses cannot count towards major requirements.
*Students are required to complete the first 4 language courses unless waived by the Department based on placement results or demonstrated proficiency.
Total Credits Required for Major: 36-54
Additional Degree Requirements Include:
Additional coursework to fulfill UB Curriculum requirements
Elective courses as needed to complete the 120 credit hour total
Total Credits Required for Graduation: 120
Total Credit Hours Required represents the minimum credits needed to complete this program, and may vary based on a number of circumstances. This should not be used for financial aid purposes.
Academic Requirements
Minimum GPA of 2.000 in the major.
Program Honors
Students who wish to be considered for Honors must maintain an overall GPA of 3.0 or higher within the major and complete LIN 497 for three credits as one of their elective options with a grade of B or higher where they will work with a faculty advisor on a major research paper or project. Students must also meet the remaining criteria outlined in the Academic Honors policy. Students who successfully complete the honors program and meet the criteria will have the appropriate notation on their official transcript.
Curricular Plan
A Curricular Plan provides a roadmap for completing this academic program and the UB Curriculum on time. Your actual plan may vary depending on point of entry to the university, course placement and/or waivers based on standardized test scores, earned alternative credit and/or college transfer credit.
First Year Fall
UB Seminar Credits: 3
ENG 105LEC - Writing and Rhetoric Credits: 4 OR Pathway Credits: 3
KOR 101LEC - First-Year Korean Credits: 5
LIN 205LEC - Introduction to Linguistic Analysis Credits: 3
Total Credits: 14 or 15
First Year Spring
Scientific Literacy 2 Credits: 3
Scientific Lab Credits: 1
ENG 105LEC - Writing and Rhetoric Credits: 4 OR Pathway Credits: 3
KOR 102LEC - First-Year Korean Credits: 5
LIN Any Level Course Credits: 3
Total Credits: 15 or 16
Second Year Fall
Scientific Literacy 1 Credits: 3
Pathway Credits: 3
KOR 201LEC - Second-Year Korean Credits: 4
LIN 301LEC - Structure of English: The Sound System Credits: 3
LIN 302LEC - Structure of English: Grammar and Lexicon Credits: 3
Total Credits: 16
Second Year Spring
Pathway Credits: 3
Math & Quantitative Reasoning Credits: 4
Communication Literacy Credits: 3
KOR 202LEC - Second-Year Korean Credits: 4
Total Credits: 14
Third Year Fall
300/400 Level LIN Elective Credits: 3
Specialization Language Elective Credits: 3
LIN Elective Credits: 3
LIN Elective Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 3
UBC 399MNT - UB Curriculum Capstone Credits: 1
Total Credits: 16
Third Year Spring
Specialization Language Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 3
KOR 411LEC - Introduction to Korean Linguistics Credits: 3
Total Credits: 15
Fourth Year Fall
Specialization Language Elective Credits: 3
Specialization Language Elective Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 3
Total Credits: 15
Fourth Year Spring
Specialization Language Elective Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 3
Elective Credits: 2
KOR 499TUT - Independent Study Credits: 1-8 (3 credits minimum)
Total Credits: 14
Total Credits Required: 120
Note: Some classes may count toward both a major and UB Curriculum requirement.
Learning Outcomes
Upon successful completion of all requirements, the student will:
demonstrate a beginner-level understanding of the basic concepts associated with phonetics, phonology, morphology, syntax, semantics, and pragmatics and also apply basic analytical methods from each of these domains to analyze linguistic data.
demonstrate an intermediate-level understanding of key concepts in the study of sound systems and methods of phonetic and phonological analysis. Students will apply these methods and concepts to produce and transcribe speech sounds and analyze sound systems.
demonstrate an intermediate-level understanding of key concepts in the study of word and sentence structure and methods of morphological and syntactic analysis. Students will apply these methods and concepts to analyze word and sentence structure.
 identify ways that different kinds of meaning are encoded linguistically and apply multiple methods for analyzing meaning from a major subfield of linguistics such as semantics, sociolinguistics, or linguistic anthropology.
will apply tools from several domains of linguistic analysis to understand and analyze the linguistic patterns of a specific language.
Return to: Majors and Combined Degrees

a
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Accessibility
All catalogs © 2023 University at Buffalo. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
