School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Alumni Alumni Notes
Alumni
Alumni Awards
Alumni Meet-Ups
Alumni Notes
Related Links
UB Alumni
SEAS Alumni and Friends
Alumni Notes
Agrusa makes historic $40 million gift to SEAS, largest in school history10/13/23
Longtime School of Engineering and Applied Sciences benefactor and alum, Russell L. Agrusa, has made a $40 million commitment to support engineering and computer science education and the construction of a new SEAS building that will serve as a hub for student learning and activity.
LSAMP, renewed for another 5 years, ‘opens the door’ for SEAS underrepresented students2/22/23
Thanks to a $2.5 million grant renewal, the program will continue to support students of color pursuing STEM degrees.
University at Buffalo mourns the loss of our alumnus, friend and benefactor, John R. 'Jack' Davis2/8/23
A 1955 graduate of UB’s School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, Jack believed deeply in the transformative power of an education. 
A look back at UB engineering and applied science research in 20221/6/23
Highlights include making hydrogen fuel cell less expensive and keeping bridges open after earthquakes.
How Kourtney Brown balanced Hall of Fame athletics career with computer engineering11/30/22
Kourtney Brown became the women’s basketball team’s all-time leader in points while earning a dual degree in computer science and engineering and electrical engineering.
Vikas Singh PhD '07, research team wins prestigious best paper award at 2022 European Conference on Computer Vision11/9/22
CSE Alum '07 Vikas Singh was on a team that won the prestigious ECCV award for best paper out of more than 5,000 entries at the 2022 European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV) for their submission titled, “On the Versatile Uses of Partial Distance Correlation in Deep Learning.”
Alumnus, Hongyi Wu PhD '02, named department chair of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Arizona11/9/22
Hongyi "Michael" Wu is a professor and the department head of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Arizona.
Dinah Gueldenpfennig Weisberg receives Dean's Achievement Award6/2/22
At last month’s commencement, computer science alumna Dinah Gueldenpfennig Weisberg returned to the University at Buffalo to accept the Dean’s Achievement Award and address the class of 2022.
NEXT
Give Now to CSE
Your support allows bright, hard-working students to fulfill their dreams and complete their degrees through scholarships. It endows student travel, enabling learning and community service opportunities around the world. And it funds groundbreaking research as well as postdoctoral and research fellowships.
Please send your donation and sponsorship questions to:
cse-dept@buffalo.edu
UB ALUMNI EVENTS
Oct
20
Denver: UB Alumni at Kokopelli Beer Company
6:00 PM - 8:00 PM
Oct
20
Mary Chapin Carpenter & Shawn Colvin
7:30 PM - 9:30 PM
Center for the Arts - Mainstage Theatre
Oct
24
Buffalo: UB LGBTQ+ Faculty, Staff & Alumni Happy Hour
6:00 PM - 8:00 PM
Oct
25
UB Alumni Webinar: Financial First Aid for Divorce
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
Nov
01
UB Alumni Webinar: Is There a Witch in Your Workplace?
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
SEE ALL UPCOMING UB ALUMNI EVENTS
NEED TO TALK TO SOMEONE?
For personal assistance, email the appropriate support team below.
CSE Departmental Inquiries:
cse-dept@buffalo.edu
CSE Graduate Program (Prospective Students):
gradeng@buffalo.edu
CSE Graduate Program (Current Students):
csegradcoord@buffalo.edu
CSE Undergraduate Program:
cse-uginfo@buffalo.edu
CSE Information Technology Services:
cse-consult@buffalo.edu
SEE MORE CSE CONTACT OPTIONS

CONNECT WITH US
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
