School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering About Us Our Mission
About Us
Chair's Welcome
Our Mission
Our Values
Why Choose CSE?
Faces & Voices
A History of our Department
Contact Us
Support CSE
Related Links
About the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
About the University
About Buffalo-Niagara
Our Mission
CSE faculty and staff outside of Davis Hall. Photo credit: Nancy J. Parisi
Our departmental mission comprises these activities:
World-Class Research
Degree Conferral
Student Education
Departmental Assistance
Industrial Outreach
World-Class Research
We perform world-class research in selected areas of computing.
The Department performs and is internationally known for research in the areas of:
Artificial Intelligence
Systems
Theory
Interdisciplinary
Degree Conferral
We provide quality, cutting-edge educational experiences to computing majors at the Bachelor's, Master's, and PhD levels.
The Department aims to provide students with strong conceptual foundations (theoretical and experimental), and also expose them to the forefront of the developments in the field of computing. Recognizing the applicability of computing to all fields of knowledge and practice, the Department will provide a variety of degrees and programs at each of the degree levels, and will cooperate with other units of the University to provide interdisciplinary degree programs.
Student Education
We provide state-of-the-art education and training in the use of computers to UB students regardless of their majors.
The Department's mission includes providing state-of-the-art computer education and training to all students at UB to bring them to the level of knowledge and ability required by their major. This includes bringing all UB students to a basic level of computing skills which all instructors may expect all their students to have, and other students to the level required by their majors, so that all instructors may expect their students to be able to use computers appropriately in their coursework. The computer, communications, and information industries are experiencing an intense shortage of appropriately trained employees. Many of these jobs are appropriate for students with majors not in the discipline of computing, but with a knowledge of computing beyond the minimal required by their own majors. The CSE Department's mission includes providing appropriate computer education to prepare students throughout UB for employment in the information technology workforce.
Departmental Assistance
We assist other UB departments in developing faculty computing expertise appropriate to their programs.
The Department's mission includes supporting other UB departments to attract faculty with computing expertise appropriate to their programs, and to further develop the computing expertise of current faculty. Such support could include assistance with recruiting, offers of joint and adjunct appointments, and development of shared and collaborative research efforts and programs.
Industrial Outreach
We are a source of computing expertise to UB, Western New York, and New York State.
The Department's mission includes industrial outreach and other methods of sharing its expertise with the University, the Region, and the State, as is appropriate for a department in a State University.
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
