College of Arts and Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Center for Cognitive Science
Apply Make a Gift Contact Us
About
Academics
Faculty
Research
Events
Contact Us
SEARCH
INFO FOR:
Cognitive Science at UB
The Center for Cognitive Science, founded in 1994 as one of the first centers of Cognitive Science in the United States, represents a community of researchers and scholars who cross disciplinary boundaries to explore relationships between cognitive psychology, linguistics, philosophy, neuroscience, and computer science. A thriving field with unlimited paths of inquiry, cognitive science offers students the opportunity to approach the study of the mind and brain from an array of intriguing perspectives. 
PROSPECTIVE STUDENTS
Through the Social Sciences Interdisciplinary major, and graduate programs in Computer Science, Linguistics, Philosophy, Psychology, and Communicative Disorders and Sciences, UB's talented students drive innovative research and world-class scholarship in the field of cognitive science. 
Learn About the Admissions Process
Have Questions? Contact Us!
COGSCI EVENTS
The Center for Cognitive Science hosts the Cognitive Science Colloquia series and the Distinguished Speakers in Cognitive Science series, featuring internationally-recognized experts in cognitive science. These events are free and open to the public. 
Photo: Distinguished Speaker, Susan Carey
Events Calendar
JOIN OUR MAILING LISTS
The Center attempts to keep our students, faculty, and partners informed of the news and activities in local and international cognitive science communities. Join today!
Students
UB Faculty and Staff
Non-UB Cognitive Scientists
SUPPORT THE CENTER
Cognitive science is the study of how the mind works, both in its conceptual organization and in its computational and neural infrastructure. Your gift supports the students and faculty in the Center for Cognitive Science who conduct this vital research. 
Make a Gift
Learn About the Center's Current and Former Research Projects
Center for Cognitive Science
386B Park Hall
University at Buffalo
Buffalo, NY 14260
(716) 645-0219
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
