School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering Research Research Areas Artificial Intelligence
Research
Research Areas
Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning and Data Mining
Computer Vision
Databases and Data Science
Information Integrity
Natural Language Processing
Systems
Computer Architecture and Hardware
Distributed Systems and Networks
Edge Computing and Embedded Systems and Robotics
High-Performance Computing
Mobile Computing
Operating Systems
Programming Languages and Software Engineering
Theory
Algorithms and Complexity
Computer Security and Cryptography
Interdisciplinary
Computational Biology and Bioinformatics
Computing Education
Human-Computer Interaction
Society and Computing
Research Centers, Institutes, Labs and Groups
Research Highlights
Research Policies
Research Tools
Technical Reports
Related Links
UB Research and Economic Development
SEAS Research & Faculty
Artificial Intelligence
Related Links
#30. Artificial Intelligence program national ranking, 2019-2022. Source: csrankings.org
AI research category introduction and description.
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning and Data Mining
Artificial Intelligence (AI) researchers now predict that computers will be able to perform tasks that were once considered the prerogative of human beings.
Computer Vision
Algorithms for computer vision have a close relationship to methods of pattern recognition and machine learning.
Databases and Data Science
Algorithms for data mining have a close relationship to methods of pattern recognition and machine learning. Focuses on developing fundamental techniques, prototype systems and applications in databases and data science.
Information Integrity
One of the biggest challenges we face in society today is ensuring that the information that we depend on in almost every facet of our lives is accurate and trustworthy. Wide-spread distortions of the truth, in the form of misinformation, disinformation, and malinformation, undermine public trust in critical democratic institutions and the validity of scientific evidence, and authentic communication. Information Integrity aims to restore trustworthiness by authenticating information and exposing manipulations and malicious intents.
Natural Language Processing
Focuses on developing fundamental techniques, prototype systems and applications in natural language processing and information retrieval.
RESEARCH RANKING
Excelsior!
UB's institutional reputation in the field of computer science has improved dramatically over the last decade.  By the most valid measure, our national ranking has risen from 50th to 29th.
RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
UB receives prestigious IBM award for ‘green internet’ collaboration
Proposed software solution could extend battery life, reduce energy consumption.





MORE RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
RECOGNITIONS
Xu, Moore receive SUNY Chancellor’s Awards
Awards acknowledge and provide system-wide recognition for consistently superior professional achievement and the ongoing pursuit of excellence.

MORE RECOGNITIONS
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
