UB HomeMapsUB Directory
News Center
Official news and information from UB, New York's flagship university
Contact Us
News Releases
Faculty Experts
UB in the News
Media Kit
Our Services
Key Issues
SEARCH
Study: Older kidney transplant patients metabolize immunosuppressive drugs slower than younger people
The finding, from UB researchers, could lead to potential adverse effects and the possibility of investigating lower doses.

1234
NEWS RELEASES
‘Weather’ author Jenny Offill comes to UB for a free reading, conversation10/20/23
Offill will read new fiction and discuss her 2020 novel “Weather” at the Cinema at Hallwalls in Buffalo on Oct. 25.
Inclusive design and access to public toilets and locker rooms will be focus of two upcoming events10/20/23
As essential facilities in our communities, these spaces play a significant role in shaping the overall experience of individuals from diverse backgrounds and abilities, organizers say.
UB takes AI chat series to Grand Island Central School District10/18/23
Educators will discuss how to best utilize artificial intelligence in the classroom.
Jacobs School names Fred Archer associate dean for admissions10/18/23
Fred D. Archer, III, MD, clinical assistant professor of pediatrics has been named associate dean for admissions in the Office of Medical Education in the Jacobs School.
See more news releases




UB IN THE NEWS
These birds got a little too comfortable in birdhouses10/17/23
The Atlantic quoted Heather Williams in a story reporting that  purple martins — shimmery, blackish-bluish swallows native to North America — are abandoning their nests in favor of human made birdhouses.
These women use true crime podcasts to lull themselves to sleep—experts explain why it works10/13/23
David Schmid is quoted by CNBC discussing why some women use true crime podcasts as a way to lull them into sleep. 
54% of shoppers say they’ll choose store-brand groceries over name brand from now on10/11/23
CNBC quotes Michael Krupski in a story discussing how consumers have begun opting for store-brand groceries over name brand products, and it is not just due to cost.
How to stay friends on the faculty job market10/9/23
The Chronicle of Higher Education features a column – co-written by Paris Wicker, on how faculty members can maintain a friendship while competing for the same academic openings.
See more experts in the news
NEWS CENTER VIDEOS
UB dean leads NIH study on ATP1A3 diseases
How Art Gets Made: Art in the Open
After a shocking diagnosis, creating a legacy for others
University at Buffalo chemists discover new, easy way to manipulate chlorine and manganese
Who in the world is Drew Weissman?
New dog, new tricks: Spot the autonomous research dog
University at Buffalo awarded $4.5 million to create plastics recycling research center
Flying through the One World Café
SEE MORE VIDEOS

Racial Justice Faculty Experts
UB FACULTY EXPERTS
S. Todd Brown
Professor of Law
Expertise: business bankruptcy, bankruptcy trusts, complex litigation/mass torts, corporate governance, and corporate fraud
Phone: 716-645-2052
Email: stbrown2@buffalo.edu
































































































































































SEE MORE EXPERTS
UB ON FUTURITY.ORG
10/10/23 Heat-resistant membrane separates molecules for less
10/6/23 Cooking fuels linked to developmental delays in kids
9/26/23 Terrorist propaganda holds predictable patterns
Our Services
University Media Contacts
Emergency Communications
Social Media and RSS
News Conferences
Faculty Experts
Experts by Topic Area
Experts A-Z Listing
About Us
Leadership and Staff
Media Relations Policies
Contact Us
UB Media Outlets
UB News Center
UBNow (campus)
At Buffalo (alumni)
UB Bulls/Athletics
Center for the Arts
For the Media
Media Kit
Key Issues
UB Multimedia
UB Photo Database
UB Facts and Figures
Our Leadership
UB at a Glance
UB facts (common data set)
Visitor's Guide
Campus Maps
Directions
Parking guidelines
Campus Wireless Access
Admin Area (internal)
Crisis Toolbox
Reports
Connect with Us
X/Twitter
@UBNewsSource
UBengineering
UBuffalo
UB_Alert
Futurity
YouTube
RSS
UB Mobile App
News Center
Official news and information from UB, New York's flagship university
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
