School of Engineering and Applied Sciences
UB HomeMapsUB Directory
Department of Computer Science
and Engineering
Give to CSE Apply Now Contact Us
About Us
Undergraduate
Graduate
Research
People
News & Events
Alumni
SEARCH
INFO FOR
Department of Computer Science and Engineering News & Events News Two SEAS students receive SUNY GREAT Awards
News & Events
News
In the Media
Recognitions
Newsletters
Events
CSE Departmental Anniversaries
CSE Commencements
CSE Demo Days
CSE Distinguished Speaker Series
CSE Industrial Career Days
CSE Symposia
CSE Transitions
CSExplore
Russell L. Agrusa CSE Student Innovation Competition
UB Hacking
Employment Opportunities
Related Links
UB News
UB Events
SEAS News
Two SEAS students receive SUNY GREAT Awards
Grant Hecht (left) is a student in the Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering. Isys Johnson (right) is a student in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering.
Adapted from UBNow
Published August 11, 2023
Two doctoral students in the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences are among 33 SUNY students selected as recipients of the 2023 SUNY Graduate Research Empowering and Accelerating Talent (GREAT) Awards. 
Share This
Print
Related Links
Student News
Original story in UBNow
“Each of our GREAT Award recipients exemplify how SUNY is addressing complex problems with groundbreaking ideas and research. ”
John B. King Jr., Chancellor
SUNY
The award recognizes outstanding students whose innovative research tackles some of society’s most pressing issues. Each recipient receives $5,000 in flexible funding for research expenses, professional development and stipend supplements.
The SEAS recipients are Grant Hecht, a student in the Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, and Isys Johnson, a student in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering. 
The SUNY GREAT awards program, now entering its third year, provides incentives for SUNY graduate students to compete for federal awards sponsored by agencies, including the National Science Foundation, National Institutes of Health and U.S. Department of Energy, among others.
“Each of our GREAT Award recipients exemplify how SUNY is addressing complex problems with groundbreaking ideas and research,” said SUNY Chancellor John B. King Jr. “We are pleased to congratulate all 33 awardees for their dedication to improving the lives of others. Research will always be a pillar of higher education, especially at SUNY, and I urge all our students to always stay curious and seek out new ways to advance our society.”
Graham Hamill, vice provost for academic affairs and dean of the Graduate School, said UB’s doctoral students “work at the cutting edge of research, and their work demonstrates the ability of research to address society’s most urgent problems.
“Congratulations to all the award winners. At UB we are so pleased that our doctoral students are being recognized for their outstanding and impactful research,” he said. 
For their award-winning projects, Hecht will investigate the computation of optimal spacecraft trajectories in cislunar and interplanetary space, helping facilitate the next generation of space missions by reducing mission costs while increasing the derived scientific knowledge. Johnson will apply structured linear algebra to machine learning methods to increase transparency in machine learning models.
Read the original story in UBNow.
UB is actively monitoring developments related to COVID-19. Please check with event organizers for the most up-to-date information about scheduled events. 
UPCOMING SEAS EVENTS
Oct
20
ISE Seminar — Understanding Structural Damage from Wildfires in Wildland-Urban Interface Communities
11:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Davis Hall - Agrusa Aud, Room 101
Oct
20
CBE Graduate Student Research Symposium
1:00 PM - 4:00 PM
Center for the Arts
Oct
20
EE Seminar — Polarimetric Aerosol and Cloud Remote Sensing – Radiative Transfer and Inversion Model Development
2:00 PM - 3:00 PM
Davis Hall - Room 230A
Oct
24
WiSE and Shine Breakfast Meetup with Alumni: Overcoming Perfectionism
9:00 AM - 10:00 AM
Davis Hall – Salvador Lounge (2nd Floor)
Oct
24
Government Gigs Snack n Chat
4:00 PM - 5:00 PM
Capen Hall - Career Svcs (Rm 259)
MORE UPCOMING SEAS EVENTS
LATEST NEWS
10/18/23 UB takes AI chat series to Grand Island Central School District
10/13/23 Agrusa makes historic $40 million gift to SEAS, largest in school history
9/25/23 Nine SEAS students named 2023-24 WNY Prosperity Fellows
9/8/23 SUNY chancellor touts UB as national leader in AI
9/7/23 Two NSF grants totaling $1 million fund research to make machine learning smarter
MORE NEWS

SHARE THE NEWS
Have some news or an event to share with us? Please send it to cse-dept@buffalo.edu.
CONNECT WITH US
Connect With Us
Computer Science and Engineering
338 Davis Hall
Buffalo, New York 14260-2500
(716) 645-3180
Quick Links
Why Choose CSE?
News & Events
Employment Opportunities
Give to CSE
Contact Us
Admissions
Undergraduate Admissions
Graduate Admissions
Explore Further
Get Involved
Engineering and Applied Sciences Alumni Association
Support SEAS
Collaborate with UB
On This Website
About Us
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Research
People
News & Events
Full Site Map
Information For
Students
Faculty and Staff
Alumni
© 2023 University at Buffalo. All rights reserved.  |  Privacy  |  Accessibility
